conda-{activate, clean, compare}: add page. conda-create: add prefix … (#18051)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/conda-create.md

> Create new conda environments.
> More information: <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/commands/create.html>.

> - Create a new environment named `py39`, install Python 3.9, NumPy v1.11 or above in it, and the latest stable version of SciPy. Say [y]es to all confirmations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new environment named `py39`, install Python 3.9, NumPy v1.11 or above in it, and the latest stable version of SciPy. Say yes to all confirmations:
```

> - Create a new environment [n]amed `py39`, install Python 3.9, NumPy v1.11 or above in it, and the latest stable version of SciPy. Say [y]es to all confirmations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new environment named `py39`, install Python 3.9, NumPy v1.11 or above in it, and the latest stable version of SciPy. Say [y]es to all confirmations:
```

`conda create {{[-ny|--name --yes]}} {{py39}} python={{3.9}} "{{numpy>=1.11 scipy}}"`

> - Create a new environment named `myenv` and install packges listed in files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new environment named `myenv` and install packages listed in files:
```

> - Create a new environment [n]amed `myenv` and install packges listed in files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new environment named `myenv` and install packges listed in files:
```

`conda create {{[-n|--name]}} myenv --file {{file1.yml}} --file {{file2.yml}}`

> - Create a new environment named `myenv` at custom [p]ath(i.e. [p]refix):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new environment named `myenv` at custom path(i.e. prefix):
```

> `conda create {{[-p|--prefix]}} {{/path/to/myenv}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`conda create {{[-p|--prefix]}} {{path/to/myenv}}`
```
I assume this doesn't have to be absolute

> - Make exact copy of an environment [n]amed `py39`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make exact copy of an environment named `py39`:
```
The long option already tells you what it's short for. This is not needed.

`conda create --clone {{py39}} {{[-n|--name]}} {{py39-copy}}`

> - Display detailed [h]elp message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```
